#jfmi

Java File Meta-Information (JFMI) application - allows the user to associate 
files with tags and comments. The application is written in Java and uses an
SQLite database. So far, it is being developed and tested in Linux - all build
and utility scripts are written with Linux in mind.

The application allows a user to select files and directories on their file
system to be saved for tagging. A user may also create tags - keywords or phrases
to be associated with a path. A path saved in the JFMI database can be associated
with one of the user's created tags, and a comment can be added to such a
path "tagging."

The goal of JFMI is to make it easier for users to find files and directories on
their file system by allowing them to sort and search through the tagged files 
in JFMI by tags and comment keywords.

The following features are currently implemented:
* Addition/removal of paths available for tagging
* Addition/removal/editing of tags
* Saved paths can have tags added, removed, or updated with new/revised comments 

Future work:
* Sorting/searching paths by tag
* Sorting/searching paths by keywords in tagging comments
* Unit tests need to be added for most classes
* Develop an interface for scrolling through a path's taggings and comments


## Building
The application requires the Java SE 7 JDK for building.

### Building the Project Source Classes
Running `make all` in the top-level directory will build the project source files.

### Building the Project Unit Tests
Running `make tests` in the top-level directory will build the project JUnit
test classes.


## Running
The application requires the Java SE 7 JRE in order to run.

### Running the JFMI Application
The "jfmi/control/JFMIMain" class contains the `main()` method for starting the
application. The "run.sh" shell script will pass JFMIMain to the java launcher
and set the classpath to the appropriate value.

### Running Unit Tests
The "runtest.sh" shell script located in the top-level project directory is
a convenience script for running unit tests.

Example:
Say we have a class located at src/jfmi/util/StringUtil.class, and that we have
written a JUnit test for it in src/tests/jfmi/util/StringUtilTest.class. The JUnit
test can be started with the following command:
`./runtest.sh util.StringUtilTest`


## Documentation
Documentation associated with JFMI is contained in the 'docs/' directory. This
included javadoc documentation as well as other information - e.g. the SQL
statements used to build the application's database tables.

### Java Class Documentation
Javadoc documentation can be generated by running `make jdoc`. It can be
removed by running `make cleandoc`.

